Added documentation around Enhanced Dev Preview of ACM Right Sizing (#22)
stolostron/thanos-metrics-analyzer: doc/enhanced-dev-preview-installation-steps.md

# Prerequisite 
- Openshift Cluster (Tested with 4.15.13+ version)

> - Advance Cluster Management operator should be installed for ACM hub/spoke feature 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Advanced Cluster Management operator should be installed on the hub cluster to facilitate cluster administration and data aggregation.
```
